We have to, have to,
have to talk
about the election.
Do we?
[ Light laughter ]
We really do, yeah.
I think so, yeah.
Now, this past week,
Hillary is now the presumptive
nominee for the Democrats.
And you talked to Hillary.
I did.
Yeah.
Did you talk to her during --
as she's running?
Do they ask you
for advice?
Yeah, I've actually spoken
to Hillary and Bernie
at certain points
during the campaign.
And I don't know
if they asked me for advice,
but I give it anyway.
[ Laughter ]
They wouldn't --
But you know what?
It was a healthy thing
for the Democratic Party
to have
a contested primary.
I thought
that Bernie Sanders
brought enormous energy
and new ideas
and he pushed the party
and challenged them.
I thought it made Hillary
a better candidate.
I think she is whip-smart,
she is tough,
and she deeply cares
about working people
and putting kids
through school
and making sure
we're growing our economy.
So my hope is that
over the next couple of weeks,
we're able to pull
things together.
And what happens
during primaries,
you get a little ouchy.
Everybody does.
When Hillary and I
ran in 2008,
you know,
your staff and supporters,
they're popping off.
And somebody's reading --
"Did you see what that per--"
And they start
spinning stuff up.
Sure.
So there's
a natural process
of everybody recognizing
that this is not about
any individual,
but this is about
the country
and the direction
we're going to take it.
And I think we're going
to have a great convention
and we'll do well.
Now, is Bernie
going to endorse Hillary?
Well, I'm sure they're going
to have a conversation.
Is he ever
gonna drop out?
[ Laughter ]
Or he's going to stay in?
I'm going to be talking
to him tomorrow.
He's going to be coming
to the White House.
And the main role
I'm going to be playing
in this process
is to remind
the American people
that this is
a serious job.
This is not reality TV.
I've seen the decisions
that have to be made
and the work
that has to be done.
And I have
a lot of confidence
that if the American people
are reminded
of what's at stake
and all the incredibly
important issues
that we got to get right,
that they're going to make
a good choice.
That's what
they usually do.